README.md, before:

# uns-cli

Universal Name System Command Line Interface. You can create wallets on UNS network, UNIK token and manage them with the uns-cli.

[![oclif](https://img.shields.io/badge/cli-oclif-brightgreen.svg)](https://oclif.io)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/uns-cli.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/@uns/uns-cli)
[![Downloads/week](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/uns-cli.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/@uns/uns-cli)

## Installation and Usage

Please follow our official documentation on

-   [how to install UNS CLI](https://docs.uns.network/uns-use-the-network/cli.html#download-and-installation)
-   [how to use commands](https://docs.uns.network/uns-use-the-network/cli.html#commands)

## Security

If you discover a security vulnerability within this package, please send an e-mail to security@uns.network. All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

## Contribute

If you find any bugs, submit an [issue](https://github.com/unik-name/uns-cli/issues) or open [pull-request](https://github.com/unik-name/uns-cli/pulls), helping us catch and fix them and join our [contributors](https://github.com/unik-name/uns-cli/graphs/contributors).

### Install dependencies

```
yarn
```

### Build

```
yarn build
```

### Run

```
yarn uns COMMAND ARGUMENTS FLAGS
```

or use `yarn link` to access directly to the CLI like an installed module.

```
yarn link

uns COMMAND ARGUMENTS FLAGS
```

### Plugins

#### Use Auto-complete plugin

Follow instructions after launching the following command:

```
uns autocomplete
```

### Test

Please update and launch tests if you purpose a pull-request.

```
yarn test
```

### Contributors

You can update the contributors list in `package.json` if you purpose a pull-request:

```
"contributors": [
    "Fabien Tréguer <fabien@spacelephant.org>",
    "Pierre Seznec <piere.seznec@spacelephant.org>",
    "YOUR NAME HERE <YOUR EMAIL>"
],
```

## License

[MIT](LICENSE) © [Space Elephant SAS](https://spacelephant.org)

Commit message:

docs: add naming conventions in readme

README.md, after:

# uns-cli

Universal Name System Command Line Interface. You can create wallets on UNS network, UNIK token and manage them with the uns-cli.

[![oclif](https://img.shields.io/badge/cli-oclif-brightgreen.svg)](https://oclif.io)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/uns-cli.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/@uns/uns-cli)
[![Downloads/week](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/uns-cli.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/@uns/uns-cli)

## Installation and Usage

Please follow our official documentation on

-   [how to install UNS CLI](https://docs.uns.network/uns-use-the-network/cli.html#download-and-installation)
-   [how to use commands](https://docs.uns.network/uns-use-the-network/cli.html#commands)

## Security

If you discover a security vulnerability within this package, please send an e-mail to security@uns.network. All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

## Contribute

If you find any bugs, submit an [issue](https://github.com/unik-name/uns-cli/issues) or open [pull-request](https://github.com/unik-name/uns-cli/pulls), helping us catch and fix them and join our [contributors](https://github.com/unik-name/uns-cli/graphs/contributors).

### Naming convention

⚠️ **universal-name-system, UNS, uns.network** are previous names of the **unikname.network blockchain**.

⚠️ **UNIK** is the previous name of the **UNIKNAME nft token**

⚠️ **UNS** is the previous name of the **UNIK protocol token**

_=> Renaming in codebase will be made progressively._

### Install dependencies

```
yarn
```

### Build

```
yarn build
```

### Run

```
yarn uns COMMAND ARGUMENTS FLAGS
```

or use `yarn link` to access directly to the CLI like an installed module.

```
yarn link

uns COMMAND ARGUMENTS FLAGS
```

### Plugins

#### Use Auto-complete plugin

Follow instructions after launching the following command:

```
uns autocomplete
```

### Test

Please update and launch tests if you purpose a pull-request.

```
yarn test
```

### Contributors

You can update the contributors list in `package.json` if you purpose a pull-request:

```
"contributors": [
    "Fabien Tréguer <fabien@spacelephant.org>",
    "Pierre Seznec <piere.seznec@spacelephant.org>",
    "YOUR NAME HERE <YOUR EMAIL>"
],
```

## License

[MIT](LICENSE) © [Space Elephant SAS](https://spacelephant.org)
